{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght2580000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red237\green237\blue237;\red12\green12\blue12;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c94510\c94510\c94510;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23580\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 An underworld is not a concept unique to the west. All over the world people have been gearing up for a journey after death; packing their coffins with spellbooks, maps, and coins, preparing for a fight through the underworld, just like we do in-game. \
\
Problem: These weapons, made for navigating the underworld have been stripped of their meaning, abandon in empty museums.\
\
solution: From Seoul to Argentina - Let\'92s merge diablo and museums by letting people loot the same gear used by their ancestors underworld journey.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Brief:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Create a launch campaign that breaks through culture in a way unique to Diablo.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 Background:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Diablo is set in an underworld inspired by Hell.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Unexpected Insight:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 An underworld like our \'93hell\'94, is not a concept unique to the West and neither is being scared shitless by it. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Across the world, we\'92ve been gearing up for one last quest through the kingdom of death\'97packing coffins with badass shit like spellbooks, \cf6 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 weapons \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 maps and coins. Kinda like Diablo. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Problem: Turns out that some of these weapons that actually \cf6 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 slayed whatever demons exist in hell have\cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4  made their way back to the world of the living.\cf6 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0  In abonden in museums they lie. Stripped of their true calling\cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 . Longing for the foul taste of demon blood once more. \
\
Solution:. From Seoul to Argentina \'97 \cf6 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0  let\'92s Gear 4 Hell by \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4  looting and wielding the same gear used our ancestors when slaying demons in the afterlife.\
__\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Brief:
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Create a launch campaign that breaks through culture in a way unique to Diablo.\

\f3\b \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Background:
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Diablo is set in an underworld inspired by Hell.\

\f3\b \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Unexpected Insight:
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 An underworld like our "hell" is not a concept unique to the West, and neither is being scared shitless by it. Across the world, we\'92ve been gearing up for one final quest through the kingdom of death\'97packing coffins with badass shit like spellbooks, weapons, maps, and coins. Just like we do before a run in Diablo.\

\f3\b \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Problem:
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Turns out that some of these weapons that actually slayed whatever demons exist in Hell have made their way back to the world of the living. In abandoned museums, they lie\'97stripped of their true calling, longing for the foul taste of demon blood once more.\

\f3\b \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Solution:
\f2\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 It\'92s time to Gear 4 Hell in the style of the real pros, our ancestors. From Seoul to Argentina \'97 let\'92s bring Diablo to museums, allowing people to loot, learn and use the same gear their ancestors once did on their journey through an underworld not unlike Diablo 4.\
}